{
  "intelligentAssist": "GenAI Intelligent Assist(Q&A) Every organization possesses a vast knowledge base embedded within its extensive document repositories. This knowledge is critical for supporting both customers and internal employees in comprehending organizational processes, products, policies, and more. For large, multinational corporations with a diverse, multi-lingual workforce, Gen AI-powered intelligent assistants can serve as highly effective support agents by accurately retrieving precise information from these knowledge sources at scale. Our Gen AI Intelligent Assist leverages generative intelligence to efficiently search across an organization's documents and provide accurate, relevant information to questions or requests. With multi-lingual capabilities, it can serve global workforces by delivering the right knowledge to the right people when they need it, regardless of language or location.",
  "emailEAR": "Email EAR (Extract, Act and Respond) In today’s era, there are unprecedented ways of engaging the customer and this includes both traditional and digital channels. Unified experience across channels is key for customer delight.Despite the rise of alternative options, Email remains a preferred communication channel for customer support. Email provides unique benefits like maintaining a history of interactions, allowing customers to comprehensively explain issues, and enabling file attachments for additional context. However, the prioritization and queuing of emails often leads to delayed responses that create poor customer experiences. Our Gen AI-powered Email EAR (Extract, Act, and Respond) solution aims to transform the customer support process by automating the reading, analysis, and thoughtful responding to incoming emails. Specifically, our system can extract the core query, complaint, or issue within an email. It then understands what actions are required to resolve the customer's needs. Finally, it generates a user-friendly, detailed response explaining steps taken to address their questions or concerns.",
  "caseIntelligence": "GenAI Case Intelligence Pharmaceutical companies around the world typically offer patient support services where patients can report medication side effects, usage, and symptoms. Patients provide this information through phone calls, emails, written forms, and other manual channels. Managing these manual intake processes can be time-consuming and may lead to missed key details during information exchange. Our Gen AI-powered Case Intelligence solution automates case intake from various channels like email, call transcripts, and handwritten forms. This streamlines the process and ensures no critical information is overlooked, regardless of how patients submit their reports.",
  "smartRecruit": "The candidate interview process can be challenging and time-consuming across organizations. Initial screening through numerous resumes, scheduling interviews, preparing relevant questions, taking notes during interviews, and providing feedback afterwards takes significant effort. Gen AI's Interview Assist aims to streamline and enhance the whole interview experience by assisting the HR and technical panel across whole interview process.",
  "iassureClaim": "The insurance industry grapples with complex operational challenges, including the arduous task of manual document classification and indexing, fragmented claim verification processes, and the lack of a centralized knowledge management system. Insurers find themselves drowning in paperwork, with the manual scanning, uploading, and categorization of client files being time-consuming and error-prone. Claim handlers must navigate a maze of disparate systems and handwritten forms, making it difficult to access the necessary information for timely and accurate verifications. Furthermore, the absence of a comprehensive knowledge base deprives employees of regulatory updates and guidance, hindering their ability to perform at their best. Addressing these obstacles through innovative technologies and knowledge management practices can empower insurers to streamline operations, enhance the customer experience, and strengthen their competitive edge.Our ClaimAssist Generative AI solution offers a powerful answer to the operational challenges faced by the insurance industry and its advanced capabilities streamline the arduous process of document classification and indexing, automating the scanning, uploading, and categorization of client files with unparalleled accuracy and efficiency. For the verification, ClaimAssist seamlessly integrates with insurers existing systems for more accurate verification and compliance checks.",
  "assistantEV": "Code GReat (Generate, Review & Execute Code) The use of generative AI to assist with code development and deployment is garnering interest across organizations. Integrated development environment (IDE) tools like Amazon Code Whisperer and Microsoft GitHub Copilot that leverage large language models are being evaluated and utilized to accelerate development work. Our Code GReat solution utilizes a large language model-enabled graphical user interface to facilitate natural language interactions for code generation, review, and execution. Users can generate programming code, review it, and execute it in a conversational way. Code GReat aims to streamline the development process leveraging the power of generative AI.",
  "autoWise": "Code GReat (Generate, Review & Execute Code) The use of generative AI to assist with code development and deployment is garnering interest across organizations. Integrated development environment (IDE) tools like Amazon Code Whisperer and Microsoft GitHub Copilot that leverage large language models are being evaluated and utilized to accelerate development work. Our Code GReat solution utilizes a large language model-enabled graphical user interface to facilitate natural language interactions for code generation, review, and execution. Users can generate programming code, review it, and execute it in a conversational way. Code GReat aims to streamline the development process leveraging the power of generative AI."
}
